hello in touch novel and today
me
another interesting patient is
KAMAZ fuel pump euro 0 33 pump and
he had a pump something discovered
recently done but it flows i mean
the main reason is that its to me
send it
estrus both oil and out that I
found he had interesting gum
I see it once and they are green and
a little transparent very elastic here
very elastic as a product
one thing but the fact is they are bigger
what should be
Now this is for comparison those that I
put
and this one can see everything a little
which is more but on the sleeve itself and especially
on valves
So I just pressed and already seen
I 'm starting to go here already I can see
just pressing on both sides and everything
and it can already be seen spreading out the meaning
that it is not pressed in this way by
the whole part and in some place is formed
as if a little fold where
gum nestles badly and through this
the place begins to flow diesel fuel yet what
It was discovered this crackers or
gum damper they are here already
dried up and the car still barked
a little more plunger they were
not marked here and so in
principle it is clear that she was going with the soul on
conscience but this is not thought out with
rubber bands with a size can by the way
gum size was
and normal can they deoxidize i'm not
I know and
with essential rubber bands expanders something
not read as well, in principle, it is clear that
collected
the pump so the stuffing box changed here
soft good gland but i don't care
I will change what needs to be changed there spring
can jump out and anything
it needs to be checked
necessarily, and so basically normal
was assembled and by the way on the bench indicators
were also normal which is unexpected here
so with you was a love affair